Update CI Visibility docs for Java to reflect the latest changes in the DD Java Tracer (#19759)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/java.md

## Compatibility

##### Supported test frameworks:
* JUnit >= 4.10 and >= 5.3
* TestNG >= 6.4
* Spock >= 2.0
* Cucumber >= 5.4.0 (earlier versions have limited support)
* Scala MUnit >= 0.7.28

If your test framework is not supported, you can try instrumenting your tests using [Manual Testing API][1].

##### Supported build systems:
* Gradle >= 2.0
* Maven >= 3.2.1

> If your build system is not supported, you can try to [configure tracer injection manually][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your build system is not supported, you can try to [configuring tracer injection manually][2].
```

[1]: https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/configuration_cache.html

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Other" %}}

Make sure to set the `DD_TRACER_FOLDER` variable to the path where you have downloaded the tracer.

Ensure that your build system supplies `-javaagent` argument to the JVMs that are forked to execute the tests.

When specifying `javaagent` arguments, include the following:

> * Enable CI visibility by setting the `dd.civisibility.enabled` property to `true`.
> * Define the environment where the tests are being run using the `dd.env property` (for example `local` when running tests on a developer workstation or `ci` when running them on a CI provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable CI Visibility by setting the `dd.civisibility.enabled` property to `true`.
* Define the environment where the tests are being run using the `dd.env property` (for example: `local` when running tests on a developer workstation or `ci` when running them on a CI provider).
```

* Define the name of the service or library being tested in the `dd.service property`.

> For example, in an Ant project the `build.xml` file would have to be modified the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `build.xml` file in an Ant project would have to be modified in the following way:
```

{{< code-block lang="xml" >}}
<project name="my-project" default="test" xmlns:if="ant:if">
  <!-- ... -->
  <property environment="env"/>

  <target name="test" depends="compile-tests">
    <junit printsummary="on" fork="true">
      <jvmarg if:set="ci-visibility" value="-javaagent:${env.DD_TRACER_FOLDER}/dd-java-agent.jar=dd.civisibility.enabled=true,dd.env=ci,dd.service=my-java-app"/>
      <!-- ... -->
    </junit>
  </target>
</project>
{{< /code-block >}}

> Then the tests can be executed with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the tests can be executed with:
```

## Extensions

The [dd-trace-api][4] library exposes a set of APIs that can be used to extend the tracer's functionality programmatically.

> Add this library as a compile-time dependency to your project in order to be able to use the extensions described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the extensions described below, add this library as a compile-time dependency to your project.
```

To create filters or `group by` fields for these tags, you must first create facets.

For more information about adding tags, see the [Adding Tags][5] section of the Java custom instrumentation documentation.

### Adding custom metrics to tests

Just like tags, you can add custom metrics to your tests by using the current active span:

```java
// inside your test
final Span span = GlobalTracer.get().activeSpan();
if (span != null) {
  span.setTag("test.memory.usage", 1e8);
}
// test continues normally
// ...
```

> Read more about custom metrics in [Add Custom Metrics Guide][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about custom metrics, see the [Add Custom Metrics guide][6].
```
